Update docs for new AstroDB update (#12208)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/integrations-guide/db.mdx

})
```

## Configuration

### `mode`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<p>

**Type:** `'node' | 'web'`<br />
**Default:** `'node'`<br />
<Since v="0.18.0" />
</p>

```
Make this accurate, but we need the api reference stuff here!

> Astro DB supports different driver modes for production deployments, by default it uses a node-based libSQL driver. When deploying to a serverless environment's that don't support all features of Node.js, such as Cloudflare Workers, you can switch to the web libSQL driver allowing for Astro DB to continue functioning in these environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configures the driver to use to connect to your database in production.

By default Astro DB uses a Node.js-based libSQL driver for production deployments. The `node` driver mode is sufficient for most Astro hosted or self-hosted websites with Node.js runtimes.

When deploying to a serverless environment on a non-Node.js runtime, such as Cloudflare Workers or Deno, a web-based libSQL driver is available. When deploying using the `web` mode, you will be able to make web-based connections over `libsql`, `http`, or `https`.
```
So, make these sentences accurate (I just made a lot of stuff up here!), but the first line should be describing what the option does or controls. It should be a "what is this?" quick hit first, then you can go into explaining the different options.

Secondly, it doesn't feel like it's helpful as an *explanation of the configuration object* to describe alternative environments as "not having all of Node's features". (How do I know if my thing doesn't have "all of Node's features? What are the features Node has that I need to care about?)

If you're here in docs trying to understand how things work, you basically want to be bluntly told, "This is for node. This is for not node." So, I made it more forceful like that, but of course, correct the nuance as appropriate!

Also, I think the note below can just be brought up and stated where we describe the web mode. Up here it's nicely set in contrast to the node mode. If you wanted, you could even beef up the node paragraph like:

> By default Astro DB uses a Node.js-based libSQL driver for production deployments. The `node` driver mode is sufficient for most Astro hosted or self-hosted websites with Node.js runtimes. This allows you to connect to your database over several protocols, including (stuff that the web mode can't do), and other amazing stuff.

> To configure the driver mode, set the `mode` property in your `astro.config.mjs` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the web libSQL driver mode for non-Node.js environments, set the `mode` property in your adapter's configuration:
```
In the case where there's only one non-default option, we can be a bit more explicit about saying "configure for this one case". This also lets us avoid repeating words when trying to speak in generalities! ("Configure mode to configure the driver mode in your configuration file)

```ts title="astro.config.mjs" ins={7}
import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config';
import db from '@astrojs/db';

export default defineConfig({
  integrations: [
   db({
     mode: 'web'
   })
  ]
});
```

> :::note

Reviewer: See my comment above, I'd remove this note in favour of more fully explaining the two modes themselves.

})
```

## Configuration

### `mode`

<p>

> **Type:** `'node' | 'web'`<br />

Author: > I was thinking for a while about why the new option was called 'web', but then I realized that’s what it’s called in the drizzle import https://github.com/Adammatthiesen/astro/blob/c45022efb2cadad2b2aa451627f11497527b99e8/packages/db/src/core/db-client/libsql-web.ts#L2
> 
> I was just trying to find a reason for that name, although I could be wrong about why it's called that.

this is exactly that, they call it their "web driver" so that was the way I modeled it. Their naming is based on supported protocols. web only supporting web protocols and not for example `file:`
